To start off, I used a drink dataclass that I would later append to my menu. It includes all the components necessary for a drink. Within the menu, we used just a list. I'm aware that an array should be used here but we were having problems with the starting sequence so we had to settle with a list. It should still be constant time complexity since we're not accessing an index just appending. In the customer order class we use a linked list so we can keep track of a dynamic list while keeping the data type of a drink. In the order queue class we're using a Deque data structure rather than a circular queue for the open orders queue so we can dynamically keep track of the open orders. We also use a linked list stack for the complete orders so we can dynamically keep track of the order we completed the orders. We don't use arraystack because we don't know the max size of the stack of the orders. Those were all the data structures we used. You can then run the program within the debugger using program.py.

After running the program through the debugger, you will be prompted with 6 choices. 1, display menu, 2 take a new order, 3 view open orders, 4 mark an order as complete, 5 is the end of day report, and 6 will close the system. Displaying the menu will display all the drinks in menu. Taking a new order will ask for your name, what drink you want, if you want customization, if you want to order another, and if you want to confirm your order. 3 will show you all the orders that haven't been completed. 4 will mark the oldest order as complete and add it to a list stack. 5 will show you the stats of how the bistro did throughout the day. Finally, 6 will close the system down. As far as we know, the only bug is that the open orders aren't added to the end of day report unless you mark them as complete. I would add more sizes to our menu if I had more time.
